{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Grading:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\b Introduction (15)
\b0  Is the topic clear without having to read too much? Do I get a clear picture of what kind of story this is, so I can make an informed decision about whether I want to dive in? Do I feel invited in? Does the the display type reflect the tone of the content? If one of the designer's jobs is to sell the content, are you selling it?\

\b 10/15\
I think the introduction is as clear as it can be without knowing more about the mission statement of the research project. One thing that\'92s difficult about this is that you don\'92t have placeholder images or anything like that which will tell me what the tone of the site may be (that is, your placeholder is a big, literally blank image right now) \'97 this is an issue throughout. 
\b0 \
\

\b Organization (25)
\b0  How did you choose to separate this huge package into smaller chapters? Do the parts of the story work where they are? Does each section tell its own part of the story? Could each section stand on its own, if I were to click there first or land there on a search? Does each section feel like it's worth my time? Did you showcase each kind of media well? And each kind of information well? Did you think critically about whether the parts of the story work well together, and about how to highlight the most interesting parts of the package?\

\b 20/25\
Organizationally this works pretty well, other than the fact that I think the \'93about\'94 pages are organized oddly \'97 it would probably work better to have your page titled 1a.html be what you see when you open up that about page, to give people some information right on that page. 
\b0 \
\

\b Navigation (5)
\b0  Is the navigation intuitive and consistent? Can I tell where I am, where I want to go, and where I've been? Do I as the user have control over how I work my way through the story? \

\b 5/5
\b0 \
\

\b Design (25)
\b0  Do you have a color palette that is used consistently and reflects the mood of the package? Did you establish typographic styles that are used consistently? Do you have typographic hierarchy that helps me figure out what purpose each piece of type serves? Is the type all legible? Does the site feel intentionally designed, with no default type or styles? Does the design enhance the content rather than distract from it?\

\b 23/25\
It\'92s hard to judge the design here outside of the bare bones, because as I said above the problem with having no images is that I can\'92t see very well what the final package will look like. You lost some points here for not executing your Google fonts correctly (not all of them are on the individual pages they need to be, and it affects the navigation). It\'92s also hard to tell what\'92s clickable \'97 I realized as you were showing it in class that you could click an image to go from one place to another, but there needs to be a more explicit way to tell people you can do that. 
\b0 \
\

\b The Back End (5)
\b0  Did you style using only CSS, keeping all styling, including positioning, out of the html? Did you use one external stylesheet for the whole site? Does every page have a title? Does your site render acceptably on various phone sizes? Your site does NOT have to validate.\

\b 5/5
\b0 \
\
Total: 75 points possible\

\b 63/75}